---
layout: post
title: career update
description: updating tech stack within new job
summary: career
tags: experience
minute: 3
lang: en
---

#### Before my new journey


Before I took on this new challenge, I spent 2-3 years working with Ansible, PowerShell, Terraform, and Azure during my training, and then worked for another year as a DevOps Engineer at my training company. 

My previous company had around 1000 employees, with an IT department that alone had about 200 employees. 

During my time there, I was deeply involved in managing infrastructure, automating processes, and working with cloud technologies like Azure. This experience gave me a solid foundation and helped me grow in various aspects of DevOps, which has now been very useful in my current role.

---
#### New Professional Challenge and Learning Journey

Since January 1st, I’ve embarked on a new professional challenge and joined a new company. The beginning was anything but easy—I transitioned from a familiar environment with Powershell, Azure, Microsoft Server, Win11, Terraform, and Ansible to a completely new set of technologies and an entirely new operating system. This means that I am now working with macOS, Linux, Kubernetes (K8s), Docker, AWS, OTC Cloud, and the Atlassian Suite.

This change was a real challenge. I had to dive into an entirely new tech stack, which was not easy at first. But over time, I started to get more comfortable with the new technologies. I initially focused on Docker, Bash, and Kubernetes, as these tools are central to the new infrastructure. Gradually, I was able to build on that and dive deeper into the material.

A major milestone in this new work environment was when I took on the role of project lead for a migration project for the Atlassian Suite. Our task was to transition the entire team and workflows to the Atlassian tools like Jira and Confluence. This transition was exciting because it allowed me to delve deep into the processes of software development and project management. The whole process showed me how important it is to choose the right tools to improve team collaboration and communication.

At the same time, I’ve been deeply involved in the existing pipelines running in Bamboo, working on optimizing these pipelines and fixing issues. A major focus has been integrating AWS and Cloudflare into these pipelines. It was an interesting challenge to adapt Bamboo so it would work perfectly with our cloud infrastructure. This is not just about automating build and deployment processes, but also about optimizing and ensuring the smooth flow of these processes to enhance team efficiency.

Another area I’ve worked extensively on is leveraging the OTC Cloud. I’ve created five Terraform modules, including a network module. It has been a great opportunity to dive deeper into cloud infrastructure and ensure that everything is designed and built correctly. Terraform has helped automate the infrastructure while ensuring we follow best practices.

Another area where I’ve become more active is Kubernetes. I’ve set up my own K3s cluster on my Proxmox host using Ansible and integrated ArgoCD to automate continuous delivery (CD). This process has shown me how powerful Kubernetes can be in managing containerized applications, and how important it is to have a well-functioning CI/CD pipeline. The progress I’ve made in this area has motivated me to continue learning and finding new ways to improve automation and scalability.

Currently, we are working on introducing a new CI/CD tool that combines code hosting with self-hosted solutions. It will be exciting to see how this tool will change our workflows further and what new possibilities it will open up for the organization. I am looking forward to how this new tool will be integrated into the existing processes and how it will drive our transformation forward.

---

Since I joined, I’ve already learned a lot and grown in many ways—not just professionally, but personally as well. I’m taking on more and more responsibility and am happy that I’m continuously growing in different areas. Optimizing pipelines, working with new technologies, and taking on projects motivate me every day. I appreciate the challenge and look forward to learning even more in the coming months.

---

I’ll be regularly posting about my homelab and my experiences with these new technologies. Stay tuned, there’s much more to explore!
